Tytle: Mercury Tutorial: Analyze your potential

Data analyst is becoming an increasingly desirable profession, on the side of the employee
as well as the company. No wonder companies need specialists to help them make important 
business decisions. However, the market situation is becoming difficult, especially for people whose goal is to 
getting their first job in this field. In this tutorial, we will show you two useful things for you, namely:
How to create a website using Mercury. And at the same time we will analyze the job market 
and show you what skills will help you get your first job more easily! 

It's time to open Jupiter Notebook! After installing Mercury(download link), we are really only a few lines of code away from creating a website.

In the first cell we will import mercury as mr
In the second cell we will configure the Mercury App properties: title and description: 
Try to describe your project originally, it will help later to locate your work.

And already mercury after starting the second cell will pop you a notification , "Mercury Application This output won't appear in the web app."
Your notebook can officially be a page now.

Mercury will read all your code and create a web app. Now open your the command line and navigate to the location of your notebook. Once you've set everything up just type mercury run in the terminal.

**The application should open the page by itself, but if it doesn't, you can copy the page from your ternimal.

If everything has been done correctly you should now see this screen and your file.
When you click on it, your own page will open.

Let's move on to analyzing the labor market situation.

Who is looking for the largest number of analysts?
The freelance company Upwork with more than 2,000 prcy ads is dramatically breaking through.

Where can you find the most ads?
Linkedin is positioned first, and right after that we see Upwork again.

What types of jobs are there?
Of course, most companies need full-time analysts.
And when it comes to the possibility of working remotely there are more than 7,000 listings with this option.

What skills are most in demand? 
According to the chart, the most sought-after skills are SQL, Excel and Python.
But, the best-paid skills are Snowflake, Python, R and in fourth place is SQL.